I made over 1.3 million dollars from
prop firms in the last 12 months. This
is my trading strategy explained in just
10 minutes. All right, I'm going to go
over 5 days from this week of the New
York AM session. And what I'm looking
for in my strategy is to mark out the
price of the pre-open. Now, I'm going to
wait for a continuation away from this
price. I believe that this is the fair
price.
This is something I studied in college,
and fair price is basically the price
before the session open, because when
the session opens, there's an influx of
volume from institutions that are
willing to trade unfairly. So, they pump
up the price or they'll dump the price
away from a fair price. And you can sort
of analyze that with volume. So, just
like looking at this here, for example,
session opens right here, crazy increase
in volume, huge move up.
Now, you got to think to yourself, are
we really changing the fair value price
of Nasdaq futures? Because we're pricing
companies here. So, are we really
changing the fair price of these
companies just because the session
opened? Well, not really, which is why
the first trade I take is a continuation
of the influx of volume, usually because
it's just a sum of the overnight orders
that are executed on the opening candle,
and it creates a very good bias. And if
you have your bias right when you're
trading props, you're going to make a
lot of money in the long run. After
that, I will just trade a reversion back
to what I believe to be the fair price,
which is pretty much just the session
open. Fair prices only
ever changed by news and by session
opens. Now, session open's not going to
actually change the fair price, but
it'll change the real price, which is
over here on the right side. So, it'll
change the price of the future. That's
why I revert it. So, just be aware did
news cause this move or was it like a
session open? What caused it? Unfair,
fair, news. All the videos are on my
page. So, I'll just get into it really
quickly here what I would do for all 5
days this week. All right, so the first
day is Friday. I have the pre-open price
marked here.
First candle is green, but very
slightly.
Anyways, second candle clearly breaks up
and closes above all of these previous
ones. So, I would just take a very quick
continuation long.
The candle is 29 points, so I would do a
50 point stop and a 76 point take
profit. My usual rule for that is if the
candle's over 25 points, then I don't do
my 25 stop 38 profit. I would divide
size by two and I'll do 50 and 76. So,
that creates a pretty easy continuation
trade right there. If for some reason
you miss this first one, it's also fine
to get in right here. For continuation
trade, I'm just trading the direction of
the open. So, in this case, the opening
price is here and it opens and closes
above structure here. Also, this one
opens and closes above this opening
candle here. So, these would be my two
entries for continuation longs on this
day.
Now, for reversion, I just trade back to
the pre-open price, as always. Entry
would just be off of a break of
structure. So, I'm looking through here,
waiting for the first break of
structure, and the first one we see is
right here.
This candle breaks below this structure
and this structure, and there's no wick
on the bottom, so it's a pretty strong
displacement and break of structure
candle. I always do 25 and 38 for these
take profits. Sometimes I'll target
more. In this case, you're even getting
100 points to fair price, so this is a
very, very profitable trade for you to
take all the way back to the opening
price.
Some people wanted to trade
continuations here, away from this. I
would probably not do that. I only like
to take continuation longs right when
session opens, because that is when the
unfair moves happen. After that, I'm
just looking for reverses to this price
here. It moves up more, but I don't see
an entry back here. It moves all the way
down, and I don't really see a break of
structure here to get back to fair
price.
After that, lots of consolidation here,
just proving that this was indeed the
fair price throughout the day. More
consolidation, more, more, more, and
then the market eventually closes right
here. So, there was no news on this day,
which means it opened and it closed at
the exact same price, as expected,
because nothing changed the fair price
of futures, let alone the market open.
So, when it moved up more than 100
points up, I'm so excited to short that,
because no news has caused anything that
should change the fair value pricing of
companies of Nasdaq. And the futures are
just the future price of Nasdaq. So,
might as well just trade a reversion
back to the fair price. Now, let's go
over Thursday. Thursday is a little bit
different. In this case, we had news at
8:30. If you haven't seen my news video,
go check that out, but I'll just keep
that in here for example. News came out
at 8:30. News is basically like another
session open. You can take continuation
long since news was green. Pretty much
same trade as the open. Anything you
want to do there would be totally fine.
After that, I would trade a reversion
back to the pre-news price. So, instead
of coming back to the pre-open price on
this example, I would trade back to the
pre-news price.
This is because eight-folder This is
because red folder news at 8:30 is
always priced in, in my opinion, which
means that moves like this are very,
very unfair.
Then, whenever the market opens or break
structure back down to the downside, I
am very interested in shorting back to
the pre-news price. In this example, you
would have gotten wicked out on market
open. I do recommend going break even if
the market's going to open while you're
in a trade, just because you have crazy
wicks like this, just filled with the
overnight volume. In this example, there
was lots of green momentum coming into
the open, especially since news was
green. And then, when the market opened,
it had a very large green candle, wicks
you out before coming to your take
profit. If for some reason you got
wicked out here, like I did, shouldn't
have taken the trade. I just re-entered
here when it broke structure again down
to the downside. Now, let's go over
Wednesday. Wednesday, we didn't have any
8:30 a.m. news. We had the market open
at 9:30, and I would just take a very
quick continuation short. Again,
50-point candle, so I would do a
50-point stop and a 76-point take
profit. This is just my risk
pretty much my standard risk management
protocol is a 1:1.5, just because prop
firms are minus 2,000 to plus 3,000,
meaning it's a 1:1.5 to pass your eval.
So, I just separate my trades in a
1:1.5, makes passing
very much easier.
Anyways, just take a very quick
continuation short cuz the opening
candle is huge and red. If you didn't
get this one for some reason, you can
also enter there. It's kind of the same
thing, but first one just gives me
uh I'm selling a little bit higher, so
it's like slightly more likely to win,
so I'll always take that. After that, I
would believe that pre-open price is
probably fair price, and then I would go
long off break of structure. First one I
see is right here. Usual target 38
points. Unfortunately, misses by 2 and
1/2 points.
Then after that, I would reenter on the
next break of structure, which is this
one right here. This one hits 38 points
by 1.5 points. So, very glad to have won
that. Last trade would be this one right
here.
Lose, unfortunately. And then this one
right here, win. After that, I'm just
done trading once it hits 11:00 a.m.
because the volume dies out.
So,
uh very interesting day today.
Unfortunately, did not revert during the
market open. It kind of reverted all the
way here when the market was finally
closing, but
still no reversion on open, but win,
loss, win, loss, win. So, I mean, still
incredibly winning at a 1.5 risk to
reward as well. Even on days it doesn't
fully revert, you're still getting some
of that that action back up towards the
fair price.
Next, let's go over Tuesday. Very good
day for reversion, as usual. I will just
mark out the pre-open price.
In this day,
very large wick rejecting long, so I
would probably just go short as soon as
the opening candle forms.
You could do 25 points, and you get
saved by uh one point right there. The
body of the opening candle is 18 points,
so risk management says, "Go with a
25-point stop, 38-point take profit."
And there you go, you hit a win right
there. After that, let's just trade it
back to the pre-open price.
Enter off the first break of structure
we see, which is right here, because
this is structure here.
38-point take profit gets hit right
there.
After that, you could continue to short.
You could enter here. There is no
structure broken here or here, but it is
optional for you to short. I would
probably have waited until it actually
breaks structure to short. And for the
first break of structure, let's see, it
is right here.
So, first break of structure, just
always stick to the rules.
And in this case, you are getting 181
points in your favor to fair price. That
is an insane amount of points.
Uh with one contract, I don't even know
how much that is, like 3.6k. That's a a
ton of money. So, very very insane
perfect reversion there on this day.
After 11:00 a.m., I am done trading as
well, but I'll let a position play out
if I'm still in one. So, when it breaks
structure here, I will send one two
contracts short and just let it play
out. Now, I will go over Monday. Monday
was a bank holiday, but I still like to
trade them if there's an influx in
volume
when the market opens. Just because that
means there's still going to be an
unfair move. So, here I'll just mark out
the pre-open price.
There is an influx in volume just cuz
you can see the 9:30 a.m. candle that's
larger than most of these candles.
I would do a continuation long, just
enter right here, 38 points. Definitely
don't go for 76 here because it's bank
holiday and it it's very unlikely to
continue that far away from a fair
price.
Also, I only take continuations in like
the first 10-15 minutes because when the
unfair initial opening move stops, I
definitely want to be shorting for
reversion.
Anyways, fair price is here, quick move
up, unfair. I would take a short off
break of structure. First break of
structure that I see is this one right
here. And it's giving 33 and 1/2 points,
so target 38 points. Very quick trade
right there.
It does move down even farther, so if
you wanted to scalp a a little quick
long back to fair price, you could. And
then this was the tweet and this was the
tweet as well. So,
tweets are traded a lot differently, but
I hope this was a very good informative
video on how you can trade the strategy.
I hope simplifying it made it a lot
easier to understand. Last thing I'll
mention is I have a free website here.
I'll put it in the description. You
insert your trading stats, total wins,
total trades, wins, average win, average
loss, calculate EV, and then based on
your stats, it will tell you the optimal
prop you can trade with. So, based on my
stats, if I trade this account, I'm
going to make $225 per eval I purchase,
but if I buy this one, I'm going to lose
$186 per eval I purchase. I'm even going
to lose on this eval and this eval. So,
hopefully this website, which is free
and in the description, is going to help
you trade on the optimal prop firm.
Thank you guys for watching. If you want
to join the free Discord in the
description, we can talk about my
website there or talk about the
strategy, send you trades, all that sort
of stuff. So, uh go hit that up and if
you want proof of my payouts and stuff,
go check out any of my other videos like
uh I'm going to link one here. It's my
news trading video. Proof screen
recorded in the first 15 seconds of
that. But, hopefully you enjoyed the
video and have a good one.